Problem 12. Development Environments

Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with 
popular development environments (IDEs) like Visual Studio. Write in a text file 
called “list-of-IDEs.txt” at least five IDEs along with 2-3 sentences about each 
of them. Use English.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Visual Studio
Microsoft Visual Studio is an integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft. 
It is used to develop computer programs for Microsoft Windows, as well as web sites, 
web applications and web services. Visual Studio uses Microsoft software development 
platforms such as Windows API, Windows Forms, Windows Presentation Foundation, Windows Store 
and Microsoft Silverlight. It can produce both native code and managed code.

2. Eclipse
Eclipse is an integrated development environment (IDE). It contains a base workspace and 
an extensible plug-in system for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, 
Eclipse can be used to develop applications. By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse 
may also be used to develop applications in other programming languages: Ada, ABAP, C, C++, 
COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Natural, Perl, PHP, Prolog, Python, R, Ruby, Scala, 
Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang. It can also be used to develop packages for the software Mathematica. 
Development environments include the Eclipse Java development tools (JDT) for Java and Scala, 
Eclipse CDT for C/C++ and Eclipse PDT for PHP, among others.

3.Netbeans
NetBeans is an integrated development environment (IDE) for developing primarily with Java, 
but also with other languages, in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5.[3] It is also an 
application platform framework for Java desktop applications and others.

4. Kate
Kate is a programmer's text editor with syntax highlighting for over 200 filetypes. The syntax 
highlighting is extendable via XML files and can also specify code folding rules. It supports UTF-8, 
UTF-16, ISO-8859-1 and ASCII encoding schemes and can detect a file's character encoding automatically.

Kate can be used as a modal text editor by using its vi input mode which emulates the vi editor.

5.Gedit
gedit (/ˈdʒɛdɪt/ or /ˈɡɛdɪt/) is the default text editor of the GNOME desktop environment and 
part of the GNOME Core Applications. Designed as a general purpose text editor, gedit emphasizes 
simplicity and ease of use. It includes tools for editing source code and structured text such as markup languages.

It is designed to have a clean, simple graphical user interface according to the philosophy 
of the GNOME project, and it is the default text editor for GNOME.In addition, it is also 
available for both Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows.
